{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Font: Kryptonian\
Style: Regular\
This font is (C) 2006 Antonio Garcia.  All Rights Reserved.\
\
This font is based off of symbols found on the Smallville TV show by the WB (now the CW).  All right to the owner of that show.  \
\
This version of Kryptonian contains most letters of the English Alphabet.  It does not, however, contain any punctuation or special characters as it is a work in progress.  The full version, when available, will contain all Standard Capitol and Lower Case letters as well as all the usual punctuation.  The full version of this font is not currently available, but will be updated as soon as it is.  Purchase of this font is also not available at this time.  This incomplete version of the font is considered freeware for personal use only.  Commercial use is prohibited until a full version is available.  Upon purchase of this font you will receive either as compressed file, via e-mail, or a disc, via mail with the full font.  Please note that the cost for this font is $10 US for the mailed disc (to cover costs of supplies and postage) and $5 for the e-mailed version.  Either way, you will receive the full version of this font.\
\
You may not redistribute this font without this read_me file.  You may not place this on any compilation CD that is sold for profit.  You may not buy this font and resell it to other consumers.  \
\
If you would like to place this font a compilation CD that is free of charge to consumers as a font sampler, you must contact me as well as include this Read_me file.  \
\
This font is "as is" software and is under no guarantees about this font file, the completeness of the font, or the safety of these files on your computer.  If you choose to install this font on your computer you agree to these terms and understand them.\
\
If you have any inquiries, comments, questions, or you wish to purchase this font, please write to \
\
	Creative_Mind@earthlink.net\
\
Antonio Garcia..}